# Helper script for the base RHEL cleanup

chkconfig --levels 2345 autofs off
chkconfig --levels 2345 avahi-daemon off
chkconfig --levels 2345 bluetooth off
chkconfig --levels 2345 cups off
chkconfig --levels 2345 hidd off
chkconfig --levels 2345 hplip off
chkconfig --levels 2345 isdn off
#chkconfig --levels 2345 kudzu off
chkconfig --levels 2345 netfs off
chkconfig --levels 2345 nfs off
chkconfig --levels 2345 nfslock off
chkconfig --levels 2345 pcscd off
chkconfig --levels 2345 portmap off
chkconfig --levels 2345 rpcgssd off
chkconfig --levels 2345 rpcidmapd off
chkconfig --levels 2345 rpcsvcgssd off
#chkconfig --levels 2345 sendmail off
chkconfig --levels 2345 xfs off
chkconfig --levels 2345 gpm off
chkconfig --levels 2345 lvm2-monitor off
chkconfig --levels 2345 mdmonitor off
chkconfig --levels  345 ntpd on
chkconfig --levels 2345 iptables on
chkconfig --levels 2345 ip6tables on
